docs(github): add note about `VAULT_AUTH_GITHUB_TOKEN` (#30074)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/docs/auth/github.mdx

$ vault login -method=github token="MY_TOKEN"
```

> It is also possible to use the `VAULT_AUTH_GITHUB_TOKE` environment variable to authenticate to GitHub, such as:

Reviewer: There's a typo here and below -- this should be `VAULT_AUTH_GITHUB_TOKEN`

Author: Thank you, should've re-reviewed myself :bow:

> It is also possible to use the `VAULT_AUTH_GITHUB_TOKE` environment variable to authenticate to GitHub, such as:

Author: ```suggestion
It is also possible to use the `VAULT_AUTH_GITHUB_TOKEN` environment variable to authenticate to GitHub, such as:
```

> It is also possible to use the `VAULT_AUTH_GITHUB_TOKEN` environment variable to authenticate to GitHub, such as:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can also use the `VAULT_AUTH_GITHUB_TOKEN` environment variable to authenticate to GitHub. For example:
```
Style correction: write in active voice.

```shell-session

> $ export VAULT_AUTH_GITHUB_TOKE="MY_TOKEN"

Author: ```suggestion
$ export VAULT_AUTH_GITHUB_TOKEN="MY_TOKEN"
```
